chore: update README for improved onboarding experience (#10)
r0gue-io/contracts-parachain: node/README.md

# Node

ℹ️ A node -  in Polkadot - is a binary executable, whose primary purpose is to execute the [runtime](../runtime/README.md).

🔗 It communicates with other nodes in the network, and aims for
[consensus](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-consensus) among them.

> ⚙️ It acts as a remote procedure call (RPC) server, allowing interaction with the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚙️ It can act as a remote procedure call (RPC) server, allowing interaction with the blockchain.
```

👉 Learn more about the architecture, and the difference between a node and a runtime
[here](https://paritytech.github.io/polkadot-sdk/master/polkadot_sdk_docs/reference_docs/wasm_meta_protocol/index.html).

> 👇 Here are the most important files in this node template:

Reviewer: I wouldn't try to provide a exhaustive list of the most interesting components of the node.
But I would point that the node is customizable too, like the runtime. And that some direct entry points for that customization are the ones in the list.
